[ECOINT-253] [TiDB Metrics Integration] Create a New Dashboard for TiDB Monitoring (#2751)
DataDog/integrations-extras: tidb_cloud/CHANGELOG.md

# CHANGELOG - TiDB Cloud

## 1.1.0 / 2025-07-31

***Added***:

> * New dashboard for TiDB metrics named "TiDB Cloud Dynamic Tracker", which includes additional widgets capturing cluster performance, resource control, DM job, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

* New “TiDB Cloud Dynamic Tracker” dashboard with widgets for cluster performance, resource control, DM jobs, and more.
```
